"1", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate. The certificate involves paying a £92.40 application fee and dogs must also be kept on a lead and muzzled in public."

"2", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs in England. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate in England and Wales."

"3", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs in England. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully."

"4", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."

"5", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs in England. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."

"6", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."

"7", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs in England. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."

"8", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."

"9", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."

"10", "As of 31 December, the UK government has banned the breeding, selling or abandonment of the dogs in England. Additional measures will make it a criminal offence to own an XL bully without an exemption certificate."
